so these three men ceased answering job
because he was righteous in his own eyes
then the wrath of Allah hew the son of
Baruch held abused it-- of the family of
ram was aroused against joe his ruff was
aroused because he justified himself
rather than God also against his three
friends his wrath was aroused because
they had found no answer and yet had
condemned job now because they were
years older than he Alai hew had waited
to speak to Joe when ally Hugh saw that
there was no answer in the mouths of
these three men his ruff was aroused so
rely hew the son of barack el abuse i
answered i am young in years and you are
very old therefore i was afraid and
dared not declare my opinion to you i
said age should speak and multitude of
years should teach wisdom but there is a
spirit in man and the breath of the
almighty gives him understanding great
men are not always wise nor do the agent
always understand justice therefore i
say listen to me I also will declare my
opinion indeed I waited for your words I
listened to your reasonings while you
searched out what to say
I paid close attention to you and surely
not one of you convinced Jo or answered
his words lest you say we have found
wisdom God will vanquish him not man now
he has not directed his words against me
so I will not answer him with your words
they are dismayed and answer no more
words escaped them and I have waited
because they did not speak because they
stood still and answered no more I also
will answer my part I too will declare
my opinion for I am full of words the
spirit within me compels me indeed my
belly is like wine that has no vent it
is ready to burst like new wineskins
I will speak that I may find relief I
must open my lips and answer
let me not I pray show partiality to
anyone nor let me flatter any man for I
do not know how to flatter else my maker
would soon take me away
[Music]